feat: impl WithOnReceiveReturnHook (#139)
valkey-io/valkey-go: README.md

})
```

#### Cleanup on Receive return

> Note that `client.Receive()` doesn't unsubscribe channels automatically. Use `valkey.WithOnReceiveReturnHook` when you need to execute cleanup commands (e.g., `UNSUBSCRIBE`) on the underlying connection when a `client.Receive()` is about to return.

Author: ```suggestion
Note that `client.Receive()` doesn't unsubscribe channels automatically when it is about to return. Use `valkey.WithOnReceiveReturnHook` if you need to execute cleanup commands (e.g., `UNSUBSCRIBE`) on the underlying connection.
```
